Hi
Heyy
How are you?
I'm good.How about you?
I'm good too
Nice
What is the leave eligibility for Msys employees?
The leave policy is applicable to all full time employees of MSys Tech India Pvt Ltd, including those who are deployed at client sites
How is Leave calculation done?
Leave calculation is based on the calendar year - January to December
What is the leave encashment policy in Msys
1. Leave encashment at the time of separation will be limited to a maximum of 10 days or the applicable leave balance (whichever is lower) 2. Leave encashment is computed on the current Annual Gross Pay less Leave Travel Allowance(LTA) which is allocated by employee 3. Leave encashment is a specific practice in India & not applicable outside India. This is extended to the employees onsite as well, provided the persons resign after coming back to India, i.e., in casean employee resigns while onsite, he will not be entitled to this benefit.
What is maternity leave policy in Msys?
All full time women employees who have worked for at least 90 days with msys shall be entitled for maternity leave
at a stretch, for maximum of 26 weeks normally up to 8 weeks preceding the delivery date and 18 weeks post
childbirth, including the day of delivery. For women who are expecting after having 2 children, the duration of paid
maternity leave shall be 12 weeks (6 weeks pre and 6 weeks post expected date of delivery). Those who do not
come under esi contribution category will be eligible for base salary* pay from the company during the maternity
leave period.
What is paternity policy for Msys employees?
Male employees shall be entitled for Paternity leave of a maximum of 3 days (at a stretch) per child. Paternity Leave should be availed of, within 8 weeks of the birth of the child or adoption. Paternity Leave is for a maximum of 2 children only
Wedding leave policy for Msys employees?
5 working days can be availed by the respective employee for his or her wedding and this can be clubbed with casual leave, as per the availability.
compensatory off policy for Msys employees?
Employees working in Tech Support follow a separate comp off pattern as decided by their specific unit. All other employees except in Tech Support team, can avail comp off within one month from the day of working on a weekly off / holiday. It is mandatory to get prior approval from the respective local Manager for availing comp off.
How many leaves can be accumulated?
Maximum of 7 days of unutilized leave can be carried forward to the subsequent calendar year. Any accumulation over and above 7 days would lapse at the end of the year.
What are the different services offered by Msys Technologies?
Product Engineering,QA Automation, Contingent Hiring, Product Sustaining and Support, Trainingand Development
Employee Benefits for working in Msys Technologies?
Flexi Timings, Casual Dress code, Work from home facility, Team Outings, Employess referral and awards, Equal opportunity employement
How's the culture in the organization?
MSys offers a flat organizational structure, ensuring every person has the ability to take responsibility of their work. We work on the most advanced technologies that will make a difference tomorrow.We encourage our people to experiment and come up with proofs of concept, thereby letting them be the masters of their domains. MSys is known for providing conducive work environment for employee service & satisfaction, and offering perfect work-life balance.